All right, so document and
content requirements.
This is probably the single most
important tool that a content
strategist can use to hand off
to a designer, or a developer,
or a stakeholder who is going to be
responsible for creating content.
So this is an extension of the wire frame
that is gonna provide more specific
details to subject matter experts,
stakeholders, and writers.
You're going to wanna include
directional and content and messaging,
you use it to get
alignment on page contents.
It gives writers the context they need.
It lets stakeholders let go of the words
if we're asking them to fill it out and
it can be built to fit your process.
So, but I'm gonna read these two at the
left because I'm not sure if you guys can
see them, but this is it.
Some people can look at this
like an annotated wireframe.
But this is really less about like
specific component requirements and
more about really defining and
getting out the substance of content,
either within the page or
the application or product, okay?
So we have page title.
If there is an associated template,
we want to call that out specifically so
we know what the components are that
are required for the content.
Want to make sure that the meta title or
description is in there if the writer is
responsible for it, primary user story and
this is where we say I want as a blank.
I want this so that I can blank, okay?
So as a mom,
I want to check my daughter's symptoms so
that I can decide whether or not I need
to call the doctor, for example, okay?
So that's our primary user story.
Any key questions that the user may have,
like, is this life threatening?
Should I call the doctor?
Are there home remedies that I can try to
alleviate these symptoms, for example?
Any proof points that we want to include,
as we discussed in the content
specifically and
then priority pieces of content.
What are key here, okay?
So for example, a priority piece of
content in this scenario I provided might
be, if you're experiencing an emergency,
please call 911, right?
Or it might be, call a doctor, let's see.
You don't necessarily want to say
these symptoms might be cancer.
[LAUGH] Right?
You might want to say these symptoms
are most often related to a virus or
just strep throat or whatever,
that you want to put that first before
you would go into here are the other
42 possible things that this could be.
Who is your content or owner?
How often does this need
to be taken care of?
And what questions does the content
strategist or designer have?
That needs to be considered, okay?
So this is an incredibly valuable tool to
introduce into any designer build process.
So no matter what your role is,
hand this off to your designer,
hand this off to your project manager,
hand this off to a subject matter expert.
And just say how might we incorporate
this to better sort of streamline and
focus our content?
Okay?
It's lovely.